Yes welcome to the 100 algorithm challenge.
So the way this course is going to work is you're going to have a markdown file similar to this and
this is just one of the hundred examples and we're going to be having an objective right.
We're going to have some examples for you.
We're going to have some hints for you the hints are really just hey this is how I solve this algorithm.
You know me in terms of the method because part of this is I want you to get more familiar with what
javascript and typescript as well just to get better at solving algorithms.
So you're going to have your algorithm some examples and maybe some hints.
Not always but sometimes as well as a little additional data.
Now the way I see the course going is you go and you try and solve this on your own and if you do a
great if not you can fall back on my solution and start to get those sort of juices flowing.
And if you if you do you can also make comparisons to the original to my original solution say does
in the same way or solve in a better way.
And if you do please share those in the comments below.
Now we're going to have all hundred algorithms in a get hub Ribault where you can download them pull
them down and all they're going to have are these read me files as well as some tests that are going
to be available for you to run against in terms of the function.
So you have the names you have the expected inputs the expected outputs if you're not familiar with
typescript don't worry about it and do a very brief section discussing typescript just linking to some
courses I've I've made on youtube going over an additional detail.
Now one thing I would recommend if you're getting going is if you want to see these cons. boxes go ahead
and install a extension called Quokka.
If you go to the extensions it's going to look like this.
I'm not sure why this you know this L is there I go.
Hey.
So it's really like this.
L Khokha.
Yes go and install that.
And if you press one and you go start quoque on this file you're going the node installed by the way.
If you don't have that already but you'll see here that now this should be saying undefine and I actually
printed out.
So if we wanted to you know just got this out real quick.
Hey it was two plus three years he'll give our output right there so we can check quickly against it.